##a. User Authentication & Authorization:
What: Allow users to register, log in, and track their transactions securely.
How: Implement JWT (JSON Web Tokens) or use libraries like Passport.js for authentication.
Git Usage: Create separate branches for authentication features. For example, git checkout -b auth-feature.
##b. Categorize Transactions:
What: Allow users to categorize transactions (e.g., "Food", "Bills", "Entertainment").
How: Add a dropdown or tags for categorizing transactions when they add them.
Git Usage: For big features like this, use feature branching. Example:
bash
Copy code
git checkout -b add-categories
##c. Transaction Filtering and Search:
What: Add the ability to filter or search transactions by category, date range, or description.
How: Add a search bar or filters in the UI, and modify the backend API to support query parameters for filtering.
Git Usage: Use commit messages like git commit -m "Add search and filter functionality" to describe these changes.
##d. Transaction Statistics and Graphs:
What: Show users charts (e.g., pie charts, bar charts) summarizing their spending.
How: Use libraries like Chart.js or Recharts to add visualizations.
Git Usage: Commit these changes as separate, focused commits to keep your Git history clean.
##e. Recurring Transactions:
What: Allow users to add recurring expenses (e.g., monthly subscriptions).
How: Implement a feature that automatically adds recurring transactions based on user-defined intervals.
Git Usage: Create a new branch for this feature, test thoroughly, and merge back into main once ready.
2. Backend Enhancements
a. Implement Pagination or Lazy Loading for Transactions:
What: If you have many transactions, implement pagination or lazy loading to prevent loading all records at once.
How: Modify the API to support pagination parameters (limit, skip), and update your frontend to handle these parameters.
Git Usage: For backend modifications, use branches like git checkout -b backend-pagination.
b. Database Optimization:
What: Optimize your MongoDB queries for better performance, especially if your transaction dataset grows.
How: Index important fields, analyze slow queries, and add caching mechanisms.
Git Usage: Track all changes in MongoDB schemas and queries using commits with messages like git commit -m "Optimize database queries".
c. Backup and Data Recovery:
What: Implement a backup solution for your database (e.g., scheduled backups or cloud backups).
How: Set up automatic backups using services like AWS RDS, or implement your own backup scripts.
Git Usage: For such changes, create a backup script in the repository and commit it for future use.
